Added SAUCIE model Description (#13)
greenelab/annorxiver_manuscript: content/03.methods.md

This classifier was trained by computing journal centroids via taking the average embedding of all papers published in each journal.
Following the centroid calculation, this classifier takes a query article projected onto the same embedding space as above for input and reports the top ten nearest journals centroids.
Both the paper-based classifier and the journal-based classifier were optimized via 10-fold cross validation.
We evaluated performance of both classifiers on our gold standard test set of published preprints.

> Following our two approaches, we used the filtered PMC training set to train the neural network visualization model named SAUCIE [@doi:10.1101/2020.03.04.975177].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used SAUCIE [@doi:10.1101/2020.03.04.975177] to train a model that uses the latent space of a neural network to learn an embedding suitable for visualization.
```

> This model serves as a medium for clustering and visualizing papers within the  PMC corpus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model enabled us to visualized the PMC corpus and to efficiently embed new papers and preprints with the space.
```

> We trained this model with the following parameter settings: learning rate of 0.001, lambda_b of 0, lambda_c of 0.001, lambda_d of 0.001 and 2000 steps/iterations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We trained this model using a learning rate of 0.001, lambda_b of 0, lambda_c of 0.001, and lambda_d of 0.001 for 2000 iterations.
```

> Lastly, we used the fully trained model to project individual bioRxiv preprints onto the generated landscape to orient users on where their preprint falls along the landscape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used the fully trained model to project user-requested _bioRxiv_ preprints onto the generated landscape to enable users to see where their preprint falls along the landscape.
```
